But Mr. Gu
Lucy is Yunyao
Say what is true
I just found out
I arranged for someone to do an investigation as soon as possible
Lucy is indeed your ex-wife Yunyao
Then who do I think Yunyao is?
Why does my mother call her Xiaoyao?
It's Yun Yao's sister Yun Xuewei
Did I ask the old lady clearly?
It was Yun Xuewei who deliberately induced her
Let her mistakenly think that Yun Xuewei is the daughter of the Yao family
The surname is Yao, as for the maw
The old lady always thought
Do you know her true identity?
I'll deal with him later.
Find Lucy first.
Mr. Shen, you really came here
What's going on?
Just quarreled for a long time
The woman now wants to cut Lucy's face with a knife
Stop
Xiaowei, take them both for me
Isn't he our target?
Shut up and talk so much
Although I don't know who you are
But your target should be him, right?
Just watch me take him away
That's why I followed you next time.
In fact, we are too good a gang
Why don't we cooperate?